-For my project, I made arrays that aligned each person's information with their place values in the array. (ie. 
my first player's card value sum is in spot 1 of that array and his bet is in spot 1 of my bet array. )

-I begin by telling my players they have 100 dollars to start and ask them if they want hints throughout the game. 

-I then ask how many players there are and each of their bets 
-I first have a for loop that goes through my number of players 

-In the for loop have do while loop that gives them a new card and continues until all the players have either busted or folded
 
	-in this loop, i give them option to split if they have the same 2 cards 
	- i also give them the option of doubling down. This then doubles their original bet and it becomes the next persons
	  turn
Once the for loop is done, the dealer turns over his card and if he gets an Ace, then all the players are given insurance 
The insurance means if the players lose, they will only lose half of their bet. If they win, they win the same amount they had 
originally made a bet on. 
Then the dealer keeps getting cards until he reaches at least 17 
If he goes over, the other players win. If not he wins and the players lose their bet amount.  

At the end, the user is asked if they want to play again 


All of my code is in a method called Play() in my Blackjack class file. I call the method in my main method 

For my hint system, I found my probabilities from this site: http://www.blackjacktactics.com/blackjack/odds/ 
I assigned my cards according to the values mentioned on this site under card counting: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackjack#Card_counting


I had many challenges during this project. At first I had to make sure all of my arrays were aligned or else my values 
of bets and who made it would be incorrect. I also had difficulty understanding classes and how to access cards that were of a 
deck. For milestone 3, I had to look up what spliiting a deck and doubling down meant before coding. Receiving these 
requirements that we had to impletemt into our code after we already coded our program was difficult because it caused me to 
change up the code I already had. 

This project made me learn how to connect my classes and how to access elements in the classes. 



